README.md, before:

# angular2-now-playing - Example Angular 2 Application

This repository contains an example Angular 2 application that displays movies currently at the theater. It was built solely as an example of using Angular 2 and is not intended to be used beyond the learning experience. 

This application was used as a live coding example in the Keyhole Software Breakfast Boost Series "Angular 2 In Action." See below for more information.

The project utilizes the [TMDb API](https://www.themoviedb.org/).

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)
<sup>Note: the image shown above is not owned by Keyhole, and all copyrights belong to their respective owners. The image used here is only for education and is not intended to generate income.</sup>

##Getting Started

Prerequisites: You must have Node/npm installed.

1. npm install
2. npm start

This will run the TypeScript compiler in watch mode, and lite-server with Browsersync enabled.  It should automatically launch your default web browser on http://localhost:3000.

###More Information On "Angular 2 In Action!"
This event is taking/took place in Kansas City on August 11, 2016 and in St. Louis September 1, 2016. In this educational Breakfast Boost, Keyhole Principal Consultants will present a live demonstration of Angular 2 in action.

AngularJS is one of the most popular JavaScript frameworks available for creating web applications. The switch from Angular 1 and adoption of Angular 2 has been a source of anxiety for members of the enterprise. That enterprise concern is what we seek to alleviate in this talk. 

Throughout the talk, Principal Consultant Jaime Niswonger will build an example Angular 2 application applicable to enterprise use. He will point out unique features and approaches the Angular 2 framework introduces, with an eye for potential pitfalls. The presentation will show how it contrasts from Angular 1 and other comparable JavaScript frameworks, in addition to a contrast from existing development patterns and techniques.

The presentation will be followed with a Q&A session, where Niswonger will answer any questions the audience has regarding Angular 2.

All public Keyhole Software educational events can be found on the [Keyhole Eventbrite page](http://www.eventbrite.com/o/keyhole-software-2942446951).

This content is from [Keyhole Software](https://keyholesoftware.com). We love knowledge transfer!

Commit message:

Added link to similar angular 1 app for comparison

README.md, after:

# angular2-now-playing - Example Angular 2 Application

This repository contains an example Angular 2 application that displays movies currently at the theater. It was built solely as an example of using Angular 2 and is not intended to be used beyond the learning experience. 

This application was used as a live coding example in the Keyhole Software Breakfast Boost Series "Angular 2 In Action." See below for more information.

The project utilizes the [TMDb API](https://www.themoviedb.org/).

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)
<sup>Note: the image shown above is not owned by Keyhole, and all copyrights belong to their respective owners. The image used here is only for education and is not intended to generate income.</sup>

##Getting Started

Prerequisites: You must have Node/npm installed.

1. npm install
2. npm start

This will run the TypeScript compiler in watch mode, and lite-server with Browsersync enabled.  It should automatically launch your default web browser on http://localhost:3000.

###More Information On "Angular 2 In Action!"
This event is taking/took place in Kansas City on August 11, 2016, St. Louis September 1, 2016, Detroit, September 22, 2016, and Lincoln September 28, 2016. In this educational talk, Keyhole Principal Consultants will present a live demonstration of Angular 2 in action.

AngularJS is one of the most popular JavaScript frameworks available for creating web applications. The switch from Angular 1 and adoption of Angular 2 has been a source of anxiety for members of the enterprise. That enterprise concern is what we seek to alleviate in this talk. 

Throughout the talk, Principal Consultant Jaime Niswonger will build an example Angular 2 application applicable to enterprise use. He will point out unique features and approaches the Angular 2 framework introduces, with an eye for potential pitfalls. The presentation will show how it contrasts from Angular 1 and other comparable JavaScript frameworks, in addition to a contrast from existing development patterns and techniques.

The presentation will be followed with a Q&A session, where Niswonger will answer any questions the audience has regarding Angular 2.

All public Keyhole Software educational events can be found on the [Keyhole Eventbrite page](http://www.eventbrite.com/o/keyhole-software-2942446951).

This content is from [Keyhole Software](https://keyholesoftware.com). We love knowledge transfer!

###Comparing to Angular 1
A similar now-playing app has been developed using Angular 1. See what makes this app different by checking it out [here](https://github.com/in-the-keyhole/angular-now-playing).
